July 12th, 7:00 PM, two days before the demo.
Bob is working overtime on a Friday evening.
He is sitting in the lounge area
instead of his desk.
Dave is sitting beside him.
He had to complete an urgent
change request in production
that required patching hundreds of servers.
Bob is making sure that his Django
application works properly before switching over to the Dev Servers.
He has a new problem.
Every time he exits the terminal or reboots
the system, his application stops.
"Now, how do I make it run in the
background and ensure that it is up
and running when the system boots?"
asks Bob to Dave.
"You need to create a SYSTEMD
service for the application.
Tell you what. I should be done
in another 15 minutes
and then I can show you how it's done,"
says Dave.
"Thanks," says Bob,
"But didn't you have over 100 servers to patch?
How are you doing this so quickly?"
Dave smiles.
"Ah, I am using an automation tool
called ANSIBLE.
I will show you how that works
someday but for now,
let me show you service management
with SYSTEMD."